
CIKM'2014
2014 ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management
 	Reviews For Paper
Track	Knowledge Management
Paper ID	487
Title	Auditory Scene Recognition Using Textual Knowledge


Masked Reviewer ID:	Assigned_Reviewer_1
Review:	
Question	 
Overall Rating	 Neutral

Top 3 Strengths	 1)	This paper proposes to combine text mining with audio event detection for unsupervised auditory scene recognition. The technique part is practical and sound.
2)	Experimental results show that the proposed framework with a unsupervised approach performs as well as the best performing method from AASP Challenge in 2013 using training data of the scenes.

Top 3 Weaknesses	 1)	The design of the proposed framework does not exactly match the applications of ASR.
2)	Some improvements are required for the experimental results.
3)	There are too many typos which hinder the readability of this paper.

Detailed Comments	 In this paper, the authors proposes to combine text mining with audio event detection for unsupervised auditory scene recognition. The technique part is practical and sound. Also, the experimental results show that the proposed framework with a unsupervised approach performs as well as the best performing method from AASP Challenge in 2013 using training data of the scenes. However, there are some drawbacks of this paper can be further improved which are listed as follows.
1)	The design of the proposed framework does not exactly match the applications of ASR since the text analysis is implemented from TV series/movies. It is smart to use the existing scripts as auxiliaries for ASR. Nonetheless, there exists a gap between TV series and daily lives. Take Table 3 as an example. “Bar” contains an event “Angel” and “Church” contains an event “Ghost”, which are not realistic in our lives. Therefore, although the idea is interesting, it may not be directly used in real applications such as criminal investigation. Some discussions or steps of the proposed framework are required to make it real. 
2)	In Figure 6 (Recognition Accuracy vs. Number of Classes to Recognize), we can see the trend that the accuracy decreases with the number of classes. If the proposed framework is not robust to the number of classes, how can the authors handle a large number of scenes as claimed in their contributions? Also, since there are only 10 scenes in the experiment, top-1 results better show the performance of proposed framework. However, top-3 results outperform top-1 results significantly, which shows that some important features/weighting are not captured and thus some improvements are required.
3)	Since the audio data is from TV series, segregation of unvoiced speech [A] can be adopted to improve the performance of the proposed framework.
4)	There are too many typos which hinder the readability of this paper. For example,
p.2 vacabulary > vocabulary
p.2 a growing phase which enlarge > a growing phase which enlarge
p.3 probabilitic > probabilistic
p.3 Figure 3 illustrate > Figure 3 illustrates
p.3 decribes > describes
p.6 contituent > constituent
p.6 Note that We > Note that we
p.7 backgound > background
p.9 taxnomy > taxonomy
p.9 Futher > Further
The authors should recheck the spelling and grammar carefully to improve the presentation quality of this paper.
[A] G. Hu and D. L. Wang. Segregation of unvoiced speech from nonspeech interference. J. Acoust. Soc. Amer., vol. 124, pp. 1306-1319, 2008.

Author feedback needed?	 No

Masked Reviewer ID:	Assigned_Reviewer_2
Review:	
Question	 
Overall Rating	 Reject

Top 3 Strengths	 1) A good discussion of the problem for non-experts.

2) Clear exposition of the technique and very good level of detail.

3) A promising approach that should scale to "big data" levels for this problem.

Top 3 Weaknesses	 1) The scene inference method is completely naive, without a discussion of alternatives.

2) Experiments report only the final outcome of the overall system, without an evaluation of the performance of individual parts.

3) Computation costs (CPU, storage, etc) are important for a "big data" approach, but nothing is reported about them.
Detailed Comments	 Auditory Scene Recognition is a important challenge for the signal processing community and this paper attempts to bring a "big data" methodology to its treatment. 

The treatment of the problem is promising: build a large database of audible concepts and try to describe scenes in terms of occurences of audible concepts (called "events"). 

Although the treatment is promising, the work as presented in the paper feels still incomplete. An important omission is to experimentally evaluate the performance of system components. Instead, the paper only reports on the overall accuracy. Without this step it is difficult to offer suggestions. However, a glaring point is that scene inference is done very naively and should be improved.

An additional dimension that is unreported is the resources used (CPU, storage, etc) in order to achieve these results. This is important for two reasons: (a) to increase the method's accuracy by scaling the data, and (b) to estimate the cost of expanding the method at full scale (beyond the 10 scenes considered in the paper).
Author feedback needed?	 No

Masked Reviewer ID:	Assigned_Reviewer_3
Review:	
Question	 
Overall Rating	 Neutral

Top 3 Strengths	 * Novel "knowledge base" approach to ASR rather than supervised classification approach using expensive training data

* Interesting but limited experimental results

* Well presented and organized paper (except for the related work section)
Top 3 Weaknesses	 * Although the approach is novel, most of the work is basic/standard information retrieval / knowledge base development work. Even if applied to a new field, the novelty is somewhat limited.

* The Experimental evaluation is somewhat limited, as it only provides results for the final output, rather than for each individual piece. Moreover, there's no direct comparison with other works

* the related work sections need improvemens
Detailed Comments	 This paper is well organized and presented. The problem is well presented and defined, as are the general framework and the single components. The approach is novel for the field of ASR. The experimental results shows that the proposed method outperforms the currently best available methods.

At the beginning of Sect. 3. the authors are giving an example and call it "the distribution of the event 'car'", but this is actually the distribution of scenes conditioned on the event 'car'. This should be fixed.

In the related work section the authors mostly summarize other contributions, rather than compare with them and emphasize the differences from other approaches.

"et al." should not be italicized (see http://www.ece.ucdavis.edu/~jowens/commonerrors.html and references therein).
Author feedback needed?	 No
