Reviewer Comments:

Reviewer: 1

Recommendation: R - Reject (Paper Is Not Of Sufficient Quality Or Novelty To Be Published In This Transactions)

Comments:
The paper title refers to "optical character recognition" whereas (in abstract) authors propose "a spatial, fault-tolerant description language". So, it looks like authors are not just doing OCR but beyond that (?), extraction of structured information. So, title needs a relook. But then looking carefully inside the paper, it seems the authors have not done anything directly related to OCR but something like "In this paper we propose a spatial data description language ..." (Pg 2, col 2). Therefore, the title and the description of the methodology is counter-intuitive. Refer to statements like "Existing OCR software cannot extract such structured information in a straightforward ..." (Pg 1, col 2) or "There are a number of signiﬁcant challenges involved in adapting current OCR technology ..." (Pg 2, col 1), but there are no description of any image processing techniques related to OCR. 

Now coming back to the description of language and parser - it is still more confusing to see claims like "The description automatically generates a fuzzy parser that produces a parsing representation, as shown in Figure 7." - Pg 3, col 2 
or "...incremental corrections to the parsing results and learns..." (in Abstract ). 

Where exactly is the fuzzy parser introduced? What is a fuzzy parser? While the word "fuzzy" is used in abundance, there is no explanation of fuzzy matching or its advantage. It is also not clear as to how the system learns from the parsing results.

In pg 5, col 2, it is proposed that a number of candidate trees is proposed out of which one is selected based on "an optimization strategy". What is the optimization strategy? 

Expressions like Corr, SS, esm etc. have certain controlling parameters (may be user selectable thresholds). There is no indication as to how these parameter values are to be selected. Am I missing something here? The description of steps are not clear in many cases. The equations or mathematical expressions are not numbered.

The organization of the sections needs extensive rework. Related work is presented in Section V after Result section. This does not make sense as the efficacy of the proposed approach vis-a-vis related works is established only after the result of the proposed approach is reported. So, before the reader is satisfied about the novelty of the proposal (with respect to existing works), the authors have reported results.

Overall, the paper in its present form cannot be recommended for publication. The contribution of the work and the methodology adopted in the process should be clearly spelt out.

There are many odd usage of language. Find below a small list (which is in no way exhaustive).

It is well researched and performs well on ... (page 1, col 1, line 50)

for handling such description fuzzily is used (pg 6, col 2)

Fuzzy matching the layout description with ...(pg 4, col 2)

Additional Questions:
1. Is the topic appropriate for publication in these transactions?: Yes

2. Is the topic important to colleagues working in the field?: Moderately So

Explain:  

1. Is the paper technically sound?: No (why not?)

why not?: see comments

2. Is the coverage of the topic sufficiently comprehensive and balanced?: Treatment somewhat unbalanced, but not seriously so.

3. How would you describe technical depth of paper?: Appropriate for the Generally Knowledgeable Individual Working in the Field or a Related Field

4. How would you rate the technical novelty of the paper?: Somewhat Novel

1. How would you rate the overall organization of the paper?: Poor

2. Are the title and abstract satisfactory?: No (explain):

Explain: see comments

3. Is the length of the paper appropriate? If not, recommend how the length of the paper should be amended, including a possible target length for the final manuscript.: Yes

4. Are symbols, terms, and concepts adequately defined?: Not always

5. How do you rate the English usage? : Poor

6. Rate the Bibliography: Satisfactory

null: 

1. How would you rate the technical contents of the paper?: Fair

2. How would you rate the novelty of the paper?: Slightly Novel

3. How would you rate the "literary" presentation of the paper?: Partially Accessible

4. How would you rate the appropriateness of this paper for publication in this IEEE Transactions?: Weak Match


Reviewer: 2

Recommendation: R - Reject (Paper Is Not Of Sufficient Quality Or Novelty To Be Published In This Transactions)

Comments:
For semi-structured documents that combine graphics and words, such as medical images, extraction of text fields from such images is difficult due to the discontinuity of text flows in these documents and because of this a spatial, fault-tolerant description language that allows users to interact  and specify a rough format of the image along with some typing information as well as constraints, is proposed in this paper.  There are many pieces of work to segment text from graphics part in maps, engineering drawings etc. Also at present many pieces of work are available for text extraction from scene and video images with very complex backgrounds. The authors need to discuss and compare such work to show the real novelty in the proposed work.  Other comments on the work are as follows.

1) In page 3, it is mentioned that "The input of the system is one or more medical images of the same format (but with some slight variations)"
This practically means that the user defined ODL description to the system needs to be suitably modified if the input medical images have appreciable variation in format.
This will cause the following problems in a practical scenario:
a) In a practical setting, for medical images of a specific format, the ODL input needs to be specified by a trained expert which may not be practically feasible.
b) Moreover, the incremental human corrections need further insight and expertise, which will not be available. 
2) Fig. 4 cannot be read clearly.
3) Fig. 15: Images are too small to get the idea of four categories.    I am not sure whether all the ECG images belong to any of these four formats.  Why such four formats are considered?
Eg. in Fig 5, Fields like "Normal ECG" and "Abnormal ECG" may not be available.
There may be varying fields in different systems, for the same medical image type.
4) Writing style of the paper is very confusing.  It is it not clear why pre-processing part is included after results part in Section IV named as discussion. Similarly why related work in  Section V?
5) In Section III (B) it is mentioned “The second competing method involves marking all zones of interest on images and getting all the OCR results in them” How zones are marked is not clear.
6) The page layout techniques used here is due to O’Gorman et al ( L. O’Gorman, “The document spectrum for page layout analysis,” IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence, vol. 15,no. 11, pp. 1162–1173, 1993.). Why this method is considered here? It seems this method works on component level. When components are broken (it very common in ECG images)  it may not work properly.  

7) Results part of Section III is very weak. 

8) Most of the references provided are very old.



Additional Questions:
1. Is the topic appropriate for publication in these transactions?: Yes

2. Is the topic important to colleagues working in the field?: Moderately So

Explain:  

1. Is the paper technically sound?: No (why not?)

why not?: 

2. Is the coverage of the topic sufficiently comprehensive and balanced?: Important Information is missing or superficially treated.

3. How would you describe technical depth of paper?: Superficial

4. How would you rate the technical novelty of the paper?: Not Novel

1. How would you rate the overall organization of the paper?: Could be improved

2. Are the title and abstract satisfactory?: Yes

Explain: 

3. Is the length of the paper appropriate? If not, recommend how the length of the paper should be amended, including a possible target length for the final manuscript.: Yes

4. Are symbols, terms, and concepts adequately defined?: Not always

5. How do you rate the English usage? : Needs improvement

6. Rate the Bibliography: Unsatisfactory (explain):

null: 

1. How would you rate the technical contents of the paper?: Fair

2. How would you rate the novelty of the paper?: Slightly Novel

3. How would you rate the "literary" presentation of the paper?: Partially Accessible

4. How would you rate the appropriateness of this paper for publication in this IEEE Transactions?: Weak Match