1. Clarify the skills, educational background, or compensation of volunteers. (rebuttal: The annotation workload is not large, so we hired two volunteers from our own research to evaluate the strategies used in each response. These two volunteers are graduate students, and one of them have a background in psychology. And we will add add this in the paper.) (two --> several / why two are enough? because it is a simple task / Chinese native speaker)
(问li can：4.2.1 dataset这一段里面，volunteer evaluate的是什么，难道strategy不是在生成icebreaker前就已经有的吗)

2. The release of the code (the code link has been provided in rebuttal).

3. Correction of title syntax in Figures 2 and 3.
(Figure 2: The overall view of the pipeline we used to find target depressed users and posts. -->
Figure 2: The overall view of the pipeline used to identify target depressed users and posts.
Figure 3: The overall view of the pipeline we used to conduct “three-round of interaction” with users. -->
Figure 3: The overall view of the pipeline used to conduct "three-round" interactions with users.)
(Figure 3 改成一个聊天框(3 rounds))
Figure2的Release改成爬取，去掉蓝色，只保留红色和黑色，红色和黑色混合在一起)
(问li can：Figure2 和 Figure3原始图片获取)

4. Provide more psychological research and support (some references and analysis paragraphs have already been provided in rebuttal). (Which section of the paper should this part be added to? -- Introduction / Related work -- 策略来自书(clara E.hill / helping skills)(加到strategies首次出现的地方))

5. Attempting to demonstrate the effectiveness of chatbots, but in rebuttal, this is the future work. (从结果中可以发现，用户和人的意愿更高。但是我们的目的是发现用户更喜欢跟什么策略的用户聊，更喜欢跟人类还是bot聊。even though there is a gap, 但在一些roles，是接近的(从table举例)。在心理咨询师上比人类要好。add into results )

6. When creating this type of sensitive dataset, domain experts are often required, but the authors do it themselves, which raises serious questions about the authenticity of the data.
讲清楚3.2 （特别是label，training data是怎么标的，质量要高，专家来看最后识别的结果是否靠谱）

7. The prompts in the appendix do not include those that make the chatbot act as a recovered or unrecovered depressed patient, although the main text mentions that the chatbot would take on such roles.

8. Under Figure 3：In the detection of whether users have an open attitude towards "ice-breaking", the second condition description is unclear and should be changed to "the post was posted by a depressed user".

9. line 715：in any case --> in other cases

10. 3.3 round 1:
    1. recent post (比如last one week)
    2. 至少有一个stranger comment (define stranger)
    3. user 在stranger comment下回复了