R1.

W1: 多义，dress，mining的时候ner，打上类型。primitive concepts属于多个类型，e-commerce concepts组合的时候，就会处理，没有歧义。refer to task classification，
实际上就是在handle多义的问题。related work中freebase，probase做个比较

W2: concept is too short, two places: classification & understanding

具体task的时候提一下，强调下没有user data，是user-independent的，refer to...在第一次出现lack of context的时候就说一下

W3: related work里面说一下没公开 information we can gether is limited

D: Refer to W2.


R2.

W1: We have imporved English-wrriten in the revised version.

W2: Better name? functional concept can mean other things ambiguous but here we want to emphsis those concepts are e-commerce related terms.

D1: Yes,good question! we are aware of that. in this version of keep things simple, in the subsequece version, we bring the score into the system..to alicoco.
说01也是有用的，支持了业务，其实是可以XXX做的，但是第一版没这么做，

 we agree with you on that. We notice this phenomenon when we use the relations between items and e-commerce concepts to support online business. For example, XXX . We plan to take a probabilistic approach to model some relations in the next upgrade of AliCoCo.

D2: We have corrected the errors in our revised version. Thanks for your carefulness!


R3.

W1  we acknolwdege/agree that each componets although complex is not incredibly novel is sophisticated and hard to 

main contribution put together an end-to-end large comphrehensive KG that is actually deployed for real-world e-commerce system Alibaba. non-trivial and actucally novel at times, e.g. A....B...

refer to revised version: intro最后summarize一下contribution


W2: We have improved English grammar and style in our revised version. Thanks for your advice!

W3: In future, it is possible release samples.
release 多少量，要谨慎

D1: terminology。section 2 要讲清楚。item要画两只鞋子，说清楚是独一无二的item_id，而不是product

D2: We have corrected the errors in our revised version. Thanks for your carefulness!

D3: We have omitted the detailed description of BiLSTM-CRF in our revised version. Thanks for your advice!

D4: The sampling strategy is an optimized version to classical uncertainty sampling, where we not only consider the uncertain samples but also samples with high confidence. We have added a reference and rephrased the description in our revised version to make it clearer. 




题目 alicoco大小写
作者
terminology

整体写作的几个模块，图有没有要改的




