R1.

W1: It's a good idea that you mentioned semantic heterogeneity, thanks for your advice!
In AliCoCo, semantic heterogeneity is mainly handled by the class taxonomy. 
In the layer of primitive concepts, we allow each surface form to belong to several classes, which means there can be several primitive concepts with the same name but different IDs (semantic meanings). 
During the construction, we used a sequence labeling model to disambiguate between different classes. (section 4.1)
In the layer of e-commerce concepts, we express each e-commerce concept using several primitive concepts with classes (which are already disambiguated), in order to make sure it only has one accurate meaning.  
This process is defined as a short-text NER problem and we proposed a specially designed model to solve it. (section 5.3) a
In our revised version, we added short explnations in section 4.1 & 5.3, and we also added a short comparison between several KGs towards handling semantic heterogeneity in related work.

W2: We mentioned "lack of context" in section 4.2.2 and section 4.3, where we try to pick out good e-commerce concepts from candidates and further undertand their semantic meanings by linking to primitive concepts. The main challenge is that surface forms are too short to provide enough semantic information for understanding, comparing to normal text classification and NER tasks.
We agree with you that in some cases contexts can be inferred from user queries, however, 
the definition of these two tasks are actually user-independent since we are not doing personalized profiling. Besides, for these two tasks, user queries are too noisy to infer much useful information.

W3: In section 8, we explained the main difference between AliCoCo and Amazon's Product Graph (rephrased in revised version). Although we want to make more empirical comparisons, unfortunately, the information about Amazon's Product Graph we can gather is limited. For possible future comparison, we listed detailed statistics of AliCoCo in table 2.

D: Refer to W2.


R2.

W1: We have imporved English-written in the revised version. 

W2: Thanks for your suggestion, but we think "functional concepts" can be ambiguous since we already defined a class called "Function" in the taxonomy and here we want to emphasize that those concepts are used for e-commerce purposes. 

D1: Yes, good question! We are aware of that. In the first version of AliCoCO, we planed to keep things simple, since the current boolean true/false relationships support our online business well.
In the subsequent version, we will bring the score into the system.


D2: We have corrected the errors in our revised version. Thanks for your carefulness!


R3.

W1: We agree that each component although sophisticated is not incredibly novel. The main contribution of this paper is to put together an end-to-end large comprehensive knowledge graph that is actually deployed for real-world e-commerce system in Alibaba. Each component is non-trivial and actucally novel at times, e.g. using external knowledge to overcome the difficulties brought by limited contexts.
To summarize our main contribution more clearly, we added a paragraph at the end of section 1 in our revised version.

W2: We have made efforts to improve the English in our revised version. Thanks for your advice!

W3: Thanks for your understanding. In the future, we will consider releasing samples of the evaluation data.

D1: We have updated figure 1 and rephrased the description of section 2 in the revised version to make ideas clearer. Thanks for your suggestions!

D2: We have corrected the errors in our revised version. Thank you!

D3: We have omitted the detailed description of BiLSTM-CRF in our revised version. Thanks for your advice!

D4: The sampling strategy is actually different from classical uncertainty sampling, where we not only consider the uncertain samples but also samples with high confidence. We have added a reference and rephrased the description in our revised version to make it clearer. 





