1. Clarify the skills, educational background, or compensation of volunteers. (rebuttal: The annotation workload is not large, so we hired two volunteers from our own research to evaluate the strategies used in each response. These two volunteers are graduate students, and one of them have a background in psychology. And we will add add this in the paper.) (two --> several / why two are enough? because it is a simple task / Chinese native speaker)
(问li can：4.2.1 dataset这一段里面，volunteer evaluate的是什么，难道strategy不是在生成icebreaker前就已经有的吗)

Done


2. The release of the code (the code link has been provided in rebuttal).

Done
现在这个版本需要在github里面提供完整数据吗？暴露匿名性


3. Correction of title syntax in Figures 2 and 3.
(Figure 2: The overall view of the pipeline we used to find target depressed users and posts. -->
Figure 2: The overall view of the pipeline used to identify target depressed users and posts.
Figure 3: The overall view of the pipeline we used to conduct “three-round of interaction” with users. -->
Figure 3: The overall view of the pipeline used to conduct "three-round" interactions with users.)
(Figure 3 改成一个聊天框(3 rounds))
Figure2的Release改成爬取，去掉蓝色，只保留红色和黑色，红色和黑色混合在一起)
(问li can：Figure2 和 Figure3原始图片获取)（vsdx图片编辑）

Done


4. Provide more psychological research and support (some references and analysis paragraphs have already been provided in rebuttal). (Which section of the paper should this part be added to? -- Introduction / Related work -- 策略来自书(clara E.hill / helping skills)(加到strategies首次出现的地方))

Done


5. Attempting to demonstrate the effectiveness of chatbots, but in rebuttal, this is the future work. (从结果中可以发现，用户和人的意愿更高。但是我们的目的是发现用户更喜欢跟什么策略的用户聊，更喜欢跟人类还是bot聊。even though there is a gap, 但在一些roles，是接近的(从table举例)。在心理咨询师上比人类要好。add into results )

Done


6. When creating this type of sensitive dataset, domain experts are often required, but the authors do it themselves, which raises serious questions about the authenticity of the data.
讲清楚3.2 （特别是label，training data是怎么标的，质量要高，专家来看最后识别的结果是否靠谱）

Done
这个已经写在附录里了，我在附录里改的，3.2也改了


7. The prompts in the appendix do not include those that make the chatbot act as a recovered or unrecovered depressed patient, although the main text mentions that the chatbot would take on such roles.

正文表2和附录表6对不太上
Done


8. Under Figure 3：In the detection of whether users have an open attitude towards "ice-breaking", the second condition description is unclear and should be changed to "the post was posted by a depressed user".

和第10条合并了


9. line 715：in any case --> in other cases

Done


10. 3.3 round 1:
    1. recent post (比如last one week)
    2. 至少有一个stranger comment (define stranger)
    3. user 在stranger comment下回复了

11. 把模板换成aaai25的

Done

作者要不要填？
url格式要不要改成link格式？
appendix要不要另开一页？
正文页数限制为7？
不支持引用subsubsection


------8.11------

1. git匿名仓库上传完整code和data（去掉隐私，做的工作，不能re-identify users，加到readme里面）（需要放上所有数据的raw data）

Done


2. figure3的标题有点不对，图片格式有点不对


Done，还改了该图



3. Ethical Statement（保证不能re-identify users）

Done


4. 去掉Limitation
5. Conclusion的前面放Ethical Statement
6. subsubsections / paragraphs
7. 截图去掉
8. 截图放到git
9. appendix里面的table 6放一部分到正文
10.  Implementation Details of Experimental合并到正文

11. acl arr同时submit


需要先在arr撤回再进行提交。承诺阶段能否撤回？

https://aclrollingreview.org/authors

Step 5: Commitment

Once the paper has received complete reviews (including a meta-review), and is no longer under review by ARR, it is eligible for submission to a venue for a decision on acceptance. This submission is called commitment.

Commitment occurs through a submission form set up by the PCs of the venue (e.g., in Softconf, OpenReview, or a Microsoft / Google Form). The form asks for information about the paper, including the ARR URL for the paper (e.g., https://openreview.net/forum?id=abcd1234 where “abcd1234” is a random string unique to your paper). After the commitment deadline, ARR provides the reviews to the venue and they make a decision. The venue will contact authors directly to notify you of accept/reject decisions.

Different venues have different commitment deadlines, and therefore, different commitment periods when the paper is under consideration by a venue. ARR does not place any restrictions on committing to multiple venues simultaneously, or committing to one venue and submitting for direct review at another venue. However, venues typically do not permit these types of dual commitments / submissions.

The commitment phase ends when the paper is no longer under consideration by any venue—either due to withdrawal or due to receiving a decision of acceptance or rejection.

If the paper is accepted, it is no longer eligible for further rounds of review at ARR. (Whether you can commit to additional venues is up to the policies of those venues.) → Step 6

If the commitment phase ends without an acceptance, the state of the paper returns to Step 3. That is, it can be committed to another venue, resubmitted for review at ARR, or submitted elsewhere for review.


