Thank you for your valuable comments and suggestions. Our response is as follows:
R1: 
1."...seems just difference ..."
Kashmir is a typical example of another type of difference we mentioned in Introduction: People from different cultures see it from different angles. Other examples of this type are discussed in Evaluation, such as CCTV, APEC and HumanRightsWatch.

2."...automatically build training data..."
Thanks for your insightful suggestion. Actually, we’ve considered this. But its accuracy depends on the added layer of vision techniques whose own accuracy cannot be guaranteed. We'll pursue this idea further in the future.

3."...sentimental analysis..."
Sentiment analysis is a good application scenario of our framework. Although we didn't do it purposely, sentiments are actually implicitly represented in the embedding computed by Translation Space(TS). Explicit representation of sentiments can be interesting future work.

R2: 
1."...contribution seems limited..."
Our work uses existing techniques for entity linking and word embedding because these are not the focus of this work. Our contributions are a) proposing a novel task b) constructing a ground truth data set, and c) proposing algorithms such as LT and TS to quantitatively compute cultural differences. In particular, the unsupervised method TS achieves comparable performance with LT, without any training data. 

2."...images are a good way"
Many papers on culture study supported this claim, e.g., Yanai (WWW 2009) and Dong (Human Factors in Computing Systems 2010).

3."...compared with unsophisticated..."
Since we are the first to study this novel task from large text, we don't have any existing sophisticated baselines to compare with. Meanwhile, taking LT as a baseline is unfair, as LT is supervised while TS is unsupervised. 

4."...the small amount of entities..."
Only entities which are known and relatively popular in both cultures can cause cultural differences. 400 may sound small, but it comprises a significant portion of such entities. 

5."...corpus is not justified..."
Our corpora came from federated services in both languages, representing diverse sources and opinions. Another advantage of using news as corpus is its high linguistic quality, compared to user-generated contents. 

6."...unbalanced corpus..."
First, Chinese is known to have higher information density than English in general. Second, the quality of embedding doesn’t grow infinitely with the data size: our corpora are in the same order of magnitude as the Google news data used in word2vec. 

7."…popularity doesn't contribute…"
We agree that many other factors influence the culture difference, but popularity is one of the most important and accessible ones. 

R3: 
1."...not easy to follow..."
We realize that these procedures are not trivial and pseudo-code would make it clearer and thus will go into our revision of the paper. Actually, <x, y> and <x, z> are the translation-pairs from Bing Translator, which suggests x can be translated to y and z. W_e and W_c each has a vector in the TS, and xy, xz are just two of the many dimensions. We can thus directly compute the similarity between these two vectors.

2. For other questions, please See R2.1 and  R2.3.
