Associate Editor	
Dear authors

 

Thank you for submitting your paper to IPM. I have one review on your work, from a senior member of our editorial board. Normally I would wait for further reviews but given the detailed comments provided here, I believe the paper would benefit from additional explanation and clarification of the main contributions. I hope you can complete the recommendation changes in a revision of your article and we can consider it again.



Best wishes



Ian Ruthven, Associate Editor

Reviewer 1		
This paper presents a method to reduce repetitions in abstractive summaries produced by CNN seq2seq models. The main idea is to prevent the system from (1) generating summaries based on the same parts of the documents, and (2) generating similar sentences. Experimental results show that this method can generate summaries with fewer repetitions. The manuscript needs to be refined in several ways:

 (1) Contribution of the proposed method: The authors claim that the proposed method can produce more “informative” and “fluent” summaries (ref. the abstract, Section 1, and Section 3.3). However, this claim is not well-justified, given the current evaluation criteria and experimental design. Perhaps the authors try to employ “readability” (ref. Section 4.2) as an evaluation criterion for the claim, however it only measures how readable each sentence is, rather than how the whole summary is “informative” and “fluent.” Another criterion ROUGE may be related to the “informative” claim, however as noted by the authors in Sections 2 and 4.3, some state-of-the-art techniques that achieve better performance in ROUGE are not employed as the baselines in the experiment.

(2) Definition and justification of the evaluation criteria:

(2.1) “Repeatedness” is an evaluation criterion that considers how similar sentences are in a summary (ref. Section 4.2). However, it is defined based on a similarity measure that has been employed by the proposed method to produce better results (i.e., Equation 12, ref. Sections 3.3 and 4.2). It may be inappropriate to employ the idea of the proposed method to evaluate the method. Moreover, the authors also presents an algorithm to compute repeatedness (ref. Algorithm 1), however it is not clear how the algorithm considers Equation 12.

(2.2) “Readability” is employed as an evaluation criterion as well (ref. Section 4.2), however how readability of each sentence is integrated to produce a readability score of the whole summary is not defined. Moreover, the authors claim that two participants are recruited to evaluate the readability with high agreement, however it is not clear why and how the readability achieved by the “gold” (ref. Table 7) can be judged (by the two different participants) to be 1.0.

(2.3) Three correlation measures are employed to estimate how the generated summaries are correlated to the golden standards (ref. Table 9), however how these correlation measures are computed is not defined and/or explained.

(2.4) Significance test is conducted to check whether the performance improvement is statistically significant (ref. Table 11), however this significance test is not conducted w.r.t. each baseline, and hence it cannot provide sufficient information about whether the proposed method really performs significantly better than each individual baseline.

(3) Presentation of the main idea: The manuscript needs more careful proof-reading. (3.1) There are many grammatical problems and/or typos.

(3.2) Main equations in the paper are not defined and explained clearly. For example, in Equation 1, ‘T’ is not defined, and the relationship between it and ‘n’ is not explained either. In Equation 2, ‘W’ and ‘b’ are not defined. Both Equations 7 and 9 mentions ‘vs’, which seems to have different meanings. In Equation 7, ‘vs’ denotes a position, but in Equation 9, it becomes “the maximum value in v that is smaller than i,” and moreover ‘i' is not an index in Equation 9. Equation 12 should be revised as it returns a value (0 or 1) rather than a result by a logical operation (OR), and the variable ‘o’ is actually determined based on two sentences (p and q) and hence it should be something like ‘o(p,q)’.

(3.3) The main idea of Figure 4 should be explained more clearly, as the figure employs undefined notations (e.g., numbers, circles, … etc.) and it is hard to correlate the main idea to its corresponding paragraph in the main text.

(3.4) The idea of the “best approach (SBD)” is not presented clearly. Perhaps an example and/or a figure can be employed to illustrate the idea.
