11-Jul-2016
Manuscript ID: BIOINF-2016-0937
Title: Automatic Discovery of Adverse Drug Reactions through Chinese Social Media

Dear Dr. Zhu,

The reviews of your manuscript are now in hand. The reviewers had substantial concerns about the manuscript and the Associate Editor, Jonathan Wren, has decided to reject your manuscript based on their advice.

As the journal receives more publishable manuscripts than its space will accommodate acceptance must be limited to manuscripts receiving the most favourable recommendations from reviewers.

Unfortunately, I must decline your request to have the manuscript published in Bioinformatics.

THE REVIEW COMMENTS can be found at the foot of this e-mail.

We will not consider any further versions of this manuscript, but I hope that you find the comments useful should you decide to revise your manuscript for another journal.

On behalf of the Executive Editor, I would like to thank you for considering Bioinformatics to present your work and I look forward to the possibility of receiving other manuscripts from you in the future.

Best regards,
Alison Hutchins
Bioinformatics  Editorial office


Here are the comments of the reviewers:
----------------------------------------
Reviewer: 1

Comments to the Author
The authors present a semi-supervised learning framework to identifying adverse drug reactions (ADRs) from Chinese social media. The framework includes lexicon construction, feature extraction, bootstrapping of instances, and ranking of ADRs. The results showed that the semi-supervised labeling could further improve the performance. However, there are some points which could be clarified:

Major:
1) The source of known drugs seems missing (Section Lexicon of medication). Please add the source of the medications.
2) The sources of organ names and symptom words seem also missing (Section Extended ADR lexicon). Please add the sources of the mentions.
3) The annotation of 92,858 different drug names for 46 drugs was not a very little manual task. The processing for expanding the official drug names to the variations is unclear.
4) From my own experience, CRFs usually performs well when trained with high-dimensional feature set. I was wondering whether the HMM and CRFs baselines trained with the semi-supervised labels? if not, it would be better if the authors could make a fair comparison by training them with the semi-supervised labels.
5) In Table 4, though the MRRs of the ADRs were higher than that of the indications, the MRRs of the ADRs were generally low (ranging from 0.014 to 0.072). It would help if the authors could give an explanation about the low MRRs.
6) Please avoid using contractions within the article, there are a lot of contractions and typos that should be revised.

Minor:
1) Figure 1 is a little blur. Please improve the resolution of the figure.
2) Page 3, line 46: the number of the footnote is incorrect and the reference of the footnote is missing.
3) Page 3, line 50: the number of the footnote is incorrect and the reference of the footnote is missing.
4) The variables in the article should be italicized.


Reviewer: 2

Comments to the Author
1)The workload of this paper is relatively large, but the lack of innovation.
This paper is lack of reference somewhere,for example,
a) Build a method to solve the Chinese social media adverse reaction and explain its innovation, and make a demonstrative application based on this method. 
b)1.Regulatory authorities and pharmaceutical companies make tremendous effort in avoiding such incidences by conducting post-launch Phase IV clinical trials. In the United States, drug companies spend up to $12,000 per patient in Phase IV clinical trials, with an average of $5,8561. Conducting such studies in an “in silico” fashion, i.e., collecting ADRs from pre-existing data sources, has become a valid complement, if not an attractive alternative, to costly Phase IV studies. 
b)2.However, with more training  data,  the  final  classifier  can  better distinguish unseen tokens. 

Reviewer: 3

Comments to the Author
In this work, the authors focus on mining Chinese social media for ADR detection, which is a very challenging and interesting topic. A semi-supervised learning framework has been proposed to generate automatic label and improve the ADR detection performance.  The whole system lacks of rigorous evaluation and analysis. 
The homemade dataset is small (400 sentence for training and 200 for testing). It is not clear if the method can be generalized to big datasets or other corpus. In addition, we don't know the effect of extend ADR and homophone transform, which is an important step. It also lacks of detailed result analysis.  This work can be further strengthened by considering the following issues. 

1) Since the framework is general, the authors can further examine its performance on benchmark social media dataset. This can demonstrate the generalization ability of the proposed method.

2) Both homophone transform and extended ADR lexicon are important steps in discovering ADR. The authors can show their effects/performances by the experiments. 

3) Many features are extracted for classifying the ADR. The authors may analyze the importance of different features to the result.
----------------------------------------

