Cascade_NER Rebuttal

Reviewer 1

Q1: It would be good ...
1. We did not use any external Chinese word segmentation model. Instead, we used an existing e-commerce lexicon and a dynamic programming algorithm to construct our ECSGA dataset. Details can be found in Section 4.1.

Q2: I hope the authors ...
2. Thanks for the suggestion! Actually we briefly explained the evaluation metric on ECSGA dataset in Section 4.3 (Line 11). The PRF-score is calculated based only on the slot labels. We will add more details in our revised version. 

Q3: Although the experimental comparison ...
3. There are several reasons why we designed our experiments this way:
1) The BiLSTM+CRF model we compared in ECSGA dataset is actually a strong baseline; most of state-of-the-art methods on ATIS dataset are similar to this framework, which already performs very good on ATIS dataset.
2) The focus of this paper is to develop a multi-task framework to tackle slot filling task, or more generally, sequence labeling task. In that direction, the actual state-of-the-art is hierarchical multi-task models, which is already compared in our experiment.
3) We did implement some of the models listed in Table 4 by ourselves, due to the unavailability of the original source code. However, our implementations were unable to achieve the results reported in their original papers. Without a reliable reimplementation, we decided not to compare with them on ECSGA dataset, which is our own dataset.
4) Perhaps for same reasons, other papers such as [Zhai et al., 2017] have a similar experimental setup. They only compare with the baselines, and not all the state-of-the-art methods on their own datasets.

Q4: ... whether the improvement comes from the model design or more parameters
4. Please refer to point 1 of our response to the second reviewer (#20352).

Q5: ... whether the improvement comes from the shortcut connections or the multitask outputs
5. Please refer to point 2 of our response to the third reviewer (#25681).

Reviewer 2

Q1: Parameter control
1. We believe that model design and the number of parameters go hand in hand. Compared to the total number of parameters in the whole model (in the order of 10,000's), the number of parameters arising from the shortcut models is relatively small (two matrices of size 3*200 and 7*200).

Q2: Novelty
2. We argue that our proposed approach is indeed novel for the following reasons:
1) We are the first to propose cascade and residual connections in the context of hierarchical multi-task framework. Although residual connections have been proposed previously in multi-layer RNN but not in our multi-task settings. These two connections are effective because they make information flows not only along the time axis but also layer-wise in the RNN architecture.
2) Experiments in Section 4.3 show these two connections lead to very large improvement over traditional hierarchical multi-task approaches, which shows their effectiveness.
3) The ablation test in Section 4.3 shows that the cascade connection, which is closely related to the multi-task framework and was never proposed previously, is even more useful than the residual connection. 

Q3: Experiment
3. Please refer to point 3 of our response to the first reviewer (#12258).

Reviewer 3

Q1: the necessity of using the multitask framework for this problem ...
1. We explained the motivation of using multitask framework in detail in Section 3.2 and 3.3. In the 3rd row of Table 5, we showed that slot filling performance can be improved by 109% if the NE tags are already known, which is a strong indication that multi-task framework is necessary and effective.

Q2: In Table 5, we can observe the performance ...
2. Our "shortcuts" come in two flavors: cascade connections and residual connections. Multi-task outputs and shortcut connections are highly related since without the multi-task framework, there will be no cascade connections. As we claimed in Section 3.3, we are the first to apply multi-task sequence labeling framework to solve the slot filling problem and proposed two novel connections associated with the framework. We went on to show that both multi-task setting and the shortcuts connections are effective and useful in Table 5. In fact, the cascade connection, which relies on the multi-tasking, is more effective than the residual connection. The detailed comparison of these two types of connection is shown in the ablation tests of Section 4.3.