Dear Bioinformatics Editor,

The attached paper entitled "Fault-Tolerant Optical Character Recognition
from Semi-structured Medical Images" is the first submission to Bioinformatics.
This paper has not been previously submitted to and is not under review by any other
journals or conferences. All authors of this paper are aware of the submission
and agree to its review by Bioinformatics. 

In this paper, we propose a framework for textual information extraction 
from semi-structured bio-medical images. From the traditional OCR results, 
which contain lots of noises and errors, we propose a fuzzy match strategy 
to extract useful information and an incremental correction framework to 
correct the errors. 
This problem is significant because lots of medical images are printed 
and stored on paper everyday.  According to AstraZeneca, 
one of the largest pharmaceurtical companies in
the world, more than 400 EMR paper reports are produced in an average
hospital per month. With the help of our system, these printed images 
can be easily digitized. Our system can also be applied to other 
semi-structured images, such as invoices, patents and datasheets etc.

This paper makes the following technical contributions:
First, unlike previous systems, our system can be used on any 
semi-structured images, and not restricted to tables and forms. 
Our system is flexible enough to only describe the localized textual 
data in the images instead of the entire structure. 

Second, our system allows users to specify the rough layout of the 
document images. Some style-directed layout analysis algorithms also 
allow users to specify physical layouts, though at a coarser level. 
Our system has better tolerance to noises in the images than the 
previous attempts, because lexical symbols in our system are words and 
not lines, and our system employs a fuzzy matching strategy. 

Last but not least, our system is capable of modeling dependencies between 
text blocks. Those dependencies, especially algebraic relations in the 
case of numerical content, can be specified in the constraint descriptions. 
To the best of our knowledge, no other existing systems have this useful 
feature.

Finally, we will open-source the prototype system developed for
this paper. For any additional questions, please do not 
hesitate to contact us. We are looking forward to a timely response.

Best regards,

Kenny Q. Zhu
Shanghai Jiao Tong University
and
Jia Wei
AstraZeneca China

